Let him in!
I called him.
Yo, isn't this Chen Ling?
No see for a few days
The injuries are all healed
Husband in the village
No marriage certificate was left
Can't imagine
Died after a few days
The group's surname is Wang, right?
You probably don't know yet
Jiang Yu
Has given me all the shares of the company
Chen Ling
Long time no see!
Tell you that I am now
Already a co-director of this company
Congratulations, then.
Chen Ling called you over today
Just to get you out of here with this trash
You think you can still stay at the company like you used to
Is it fake?
Mr. Wang, how to deal with these documents?
Hurry up and return this garbage to Miss Chen
After all, Miss Chen will be living on the streets soon
Oops, my hand slipped.
Wang Yu, I advise you not to go too far.
Hurry up and call the cleaner to clean it up
Bad guy asked security to kick this guy out for me
I want to be good
Clean up my company's trash
I advise you
Pie from the sky
Little Youth
See
Mr. Riqing